you have tested positive for HIV
mr. Woodruff we estimate that you have
approximately 30 days and newsflash yeah
ain't nothing out there 30 then drugs
they just released for testing and I
know this hospitals or the size and
meeting it doesn't work that way mr.
Woodruff where are you going
they got good meds out of Mexico
that's better than what you get into
stage you look great
I actually know that amazing you can
make a fortune off of this stock
distribution anything to declare
fun no sir not oh we do realize is
portability the drugs for sales a very
serious offense they're not illegal
they're merely unapproved star I feel
better I wanted to thank you well unless
you got cash in the appliance for me I'm
busy you got another 20 years
welcome to the - better be treating
these people now you're treating them
sales Ronnie we got two new customers
you coming we use this here that section
you've been hoping for
hi CJ it's ray out
once you've got HIV you're married to
one way that i prescribed y'all gonna
live longer and enjoy the time you got
here most permitting us to confiscate
any and all not fda-approved drugs or
supplementing more than a common drug
dealer that's one thing I mean it's like
why can't you be a better friend
yourself back down mr. Woodroof see what
is going on people are dying there's
gonna be a pain in your ass I'm six feet
under big boy even the best of them all
X Most Wanted even the best of them
fall